The digitization of worlds and all life involves any means of solving the problem. 
The bounty hunter ruthlessly disposes of objectionable people and opinion leaders, opening up space for his Alliance for more *soft* policies, instead of openly forcing digitization. 
The digitized intellect of the hunter did not know feelings for many years, having already forgotten what it is like to be alive and mark your thoughts. However, the eyes of the child, whom he made an orphan, engendered in him something long lost - an emotion, a memory. 
The hunter remembered that he, too, had once been a child deprived of everything. And even life. Flesh has become an alloy of metals, consciousness - a program. What is left of his past and why does he exist if he does not remember himself? Should the will of the Alliance and the Rift take precedence over his own? These questions increasingly began to haunt him and the hunter understood that if he gave them free rein, it would no longer be the same and this would cast doubt on the whole concept of the ideal world of Vector Prime. 
Having no family or loved ones, the hunter felt completely alone. The awakened fragments of memories haunted him - he wanted his favorite Hersian grasshoppers on a skewer, but he could not eat. He wanted to feel the drops of rain that tingle his skin, but he had a body of steel. He wanted maternal warmth, but his mother was no longer alive ... 
The hunter realized that only childhood memories from his home planet Gersia were awakening. Finding the right archive, he discovered that his planet was one of the first to be digitized by Vector Prime. Men, women and children all became part of the Alliance. 
Doomed and broken, he realized that he did not want to live like this. Doesn't want to fight. What will all the digitized think if they find out the truth? How will they live if they lose their lives? At least somewhere out there, among the legions of Vector Prime are his relatives, friends and family. Or maybe very close... 
With these warm thoughts, the hunter voluntarily went to the consciousness calibration procedure, choosing the path of a cog in the Digitalization mechanism.

How old is your character? What do they look like? - Humanoid creatures made of durable alloy, with digitized consciousness, which obey a single system, without feelings and emotions. The age of the mechanical image is unknown. The age before transformation varies from children to the elderly.

Where do they live? Where are they from? - Digitized planet Prime with a living core. It is a large factory where resources are brought for the digitalization of consciousness and the production of shells. 

What is their job in their alliance? - Each instance is a cog in a large system for the digitalization of the universe and the spread of the Rift.

Why did they choose this union? - They don't choose. Most of them are forcibly turned into mechanisms and their consciousness is subject to the general system.

What are their strengths and weaknesses? - Steadfastness to one's idea, discipline, order, strong body-shells and easily replaceable. The lack of one's own abstract thinking and an autonomous power source are weaknesses.

What are their hobbies, what does your character do in their spare time? - In his free time, the character is idle or undergoes a technical inspection.

Does your character have a family? - In the past it was, in the present state it is not.

What is your character's favorite food? - Vector Prime does not need food. Each instance has an autonomous power source.

If your character had a million MYRIA dollars, what would they do with it? - I gave it to the development of my Alliance.

What is your characters' earliest childhood or favorite memory? - Childhood memories that evoke emotions do not correspond to a given program. 
